# Data-Flow-Educational-Game
This was a class project I did for my software security and engineering course at Stockton University. Our team had to make a program with the purpose of educating users on a topic of computer science. We used an MVC design in order to make it easier to divide the work. I was in charge of developing a game that would mimic concepts in computer science. The full project should be in a zip file in the repository, but the other files are solely to display the game that I created. I may update it occasionally as there are some bugs I would like to fix and mechanics that I wanted to add. 

This was my first HTML / CSS / JavaScript project so it is a little rough around the edges, but I do think that I did a decent job. The Game itself is about moving "flow" from an input pipe to an output pipe. Flow is represented by different colors. The player has to modify and sort through the flow in order to output the correct color of flow. The player accomplishes this by applying "modifiers" to tiles. Modifiers are used to represent logical constructs that are used in computer science. To accomplish the puzzler the player needs to use these constructs in order to modify the flow to meet the expected output. 

This idea was inspired by the game TIS-100, which has the user program in a proprietary language, where the goal is to modify input to meet an expected output. I tried to take that concept and make it less challenging and more user friendly.

Original Project was on a bitbucket repo that is private. I need to get in touch with the team member who controls it. If I can make it public, I will link it. If you have any questions please email me at bonds3@go.stockton.edu.
